Well, the dormitory is good, the dormitory is good.
Go and divide it among the brothers, thank you, fat boy.
Thank you team leader
Su Shao walks slowly
Rely on parental trash
It's amazing to be rich
Three years in Hedong and three years in Hexi
A few young people are poor
hateful
I was the one who was in the spotlight today
According to the plot of the original book
The male protagonist Ye Chen will be at this banquet
Save Miss Qin Mengyao from a heart attack
To become the prettiest boy in the audience
Haha, Master Ye
See how I steal your act?
Cher
I have something else to do
Can you go in first?
OK
Why is this playboy here?
Miss Qin's skin is so white and beautiful.
Yes, only people like Miss Qin
Only then can we call this dress noble and elegant
And say like
I'm going to find Qin Mengyao now
Welcome to Mengyao's birthday party
Here, Mengyao would like to express her gratitude to everyone
Please follow me one step further.